Feature: BLC-34 balance moveit tutorials (#153)
project-march/tutorials: doc/march_packages/march_moveit.rst

.. _march-moveit-label:

march_moveit
============

Overview
--------
The march_moveit package is the package that contains all files necessary for the integration of
`MoveIt <https://moveit.ros.org/>`_. MoveIt is an open source project that is the result of the combined efforts
of a large international community and multiple organizations. MoveIt is a framework for everything that has to do
with motion planning. There are a lot of `tutorials <https://ros-planning.github.io/moveit_tutorials/>`_ on the project.

We started using MoveIt for implementing capture point. More information on that is in :ref:`march-gait-selection-label`.
Here we use the `Python MoveIt Commander <http://docs.ros.org/jade/api/moveit_commander/html/index.html>`_ as the interface to MoveIt.

> The integration allows to use MoveIt for all kinds of dynamic gaits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration allows using MoveIt for all kinds of dynamic gaits.
```

The files in this package are generated by the MoveIt Setup Assistant. Manually editing the files in this packages is not
recommended.

ROS API
-------

The packages has a very extensive ROS API, because MoveIt is very well integrated with ROS. This will not all be listed
here as most of it is only used by MoveIt itself. An important thing to note is that MoveIt can publish position and
velocity commands directly to the controller. We are avoiding this, because we want to stay in control.

Tutorials
---------

How to use the setup-assistant
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>     roslaunch moveit_setup_assistant setup_assistant.launch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code::

  roslaunch moveit_setup_assistant setup_assistant.launch
```

Select the `march_moveit` as the package to alter.

> You can now change the MoveIt integration. The necessary files will be automatically generated.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a link to MovIt documentation here?

Author: There are three links to MoveIt docs above, is this really necessary?

Reviewer 2: Mwah you could add a direct link to https://ros-planning.github.io/moveit_tutorials/doc/setup_assistant/setup_assistant_tutorial.html but not essential I guess

Reviewer 2: Mwah you could add a direct link to https://ros-planning.github.io/moveit_tutorials/doc/setup_assistant/setup_assistant_tutorial.html but not essential I guess

Reviewer 2: See this

Reviewer 2: @RutgerVanBeek

Author: you are right, will do
